{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1343\cocoasubrtf140
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red38\green38\blue38;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural

\f0\fs24 \cf0 1. m a n SP m a n \
m a n SP - k SP w o r d ENTER\
\
2. /bin/cp and /usr/bin/wc\
w h e r e i s SP c p ENTER\
w h e r e i s SP w c ENTER\
\
3. w - show who is logged on and what they are doing\
[ - \
X - \cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 a portable, network-transparent window system\cf0 \cb1 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 \
f i n d SP / b i n / SP / u s r / b i n / SP - p a t h SP * / ?\
\
4. gcc\
f i l e SP / u s r \
\
5. g-s removes the other users in file group\'92s ability to set user or group ID on execution\
man chmod\
\
6. \
f i n d SP - m t i m e SP - 3\
\
7. \
f i n d SP / SP - t y p e SP d SP - m t i m e SP - 3\
\
8. 18\
w h e r e i s SP f i n d ENTER\
c d SP / b i n ENTER\
f i n d SP - t y p e SP l ENTER\
f i n d SP - t y p e SP l SP | SP wc SP - l ENTER\
\
9. libICE.so.6.3.0\
c d SP / u s r / l i b ENTER\
l s - l a t ENTER\
\
10. \
\
11. emacs C-h ? a sort\
\
12. \
C-a goes to beginning of line\
C-b backward one character\
C-c\
C-d delete character to right of cursor\
C-e goes to end of line\
C-f forward one character\
C-g quit minibuffer\
C-h help command\
C-i indent for tab\
C-j newline and indent\
C-k kill from cursor to end of line\
C-l center cursor\
C-m newline\
C-n next line\
C-o open line\
C-p previous file\
C-q \
\
\
13. C-g can stop a command that\'92s taking too long to execute. It also can discard a numeric argument or the beginning of a command that one does not want to finish. \
\
14. The yank function reinserts killed texts. \
\
15.\
}